DOC: Split viewport/container docs out of designing-for-devices (#42312)
discourse/discourse: docs/developer-guides/docs/03-code-internals/27-designing-for-devices.md

Historically, Discourse shipped two completely different layouts and stylesheets for "mobile" and "desktop" views, based on the browser's user-agent. Developers would target these modes by putting CSS in specific mobile/desktop directories, by using the `.mobile-view`/`.desktop-view` HTML classes, and the `site.mobileView` boolean in JavaScript.

> These techniques are now considered deprecated and should be replaced with the [viewport and capability-based strategies](28-designing-for-responsive-widths.md) discussed in the next document. We will be removing the dedicated modes in the near future, making "mobile mode" an alias for "viewport width less than `sm`" for backwards compatibility.

Reviewer: We removed the dedicated modes
```suggestion
These techniques are now considered deprecated and should be replaced with the [viewport and capability-based strategies](28-designing-for-responsive-widths.md) discussed in the next document. For backwards-compatibility, legacy desktop/mobile CSS is used when the viewport is larger/smaller than the `sm` threshold.
```
